Docs: Notify that an entry point is required for creating a data plugin (#5907)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/topics/data_types.rst

    class NewData(Data):
        """A new data type that wraps a single value."""

.. note::

>     You must register a new data entry point. See `aiida.data <https://aiida.readthedocs.io/projects/aiida-core/en/latest/topics/plugins.html#aiida-data>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To be able to use the new ``Data`` plugin, it must be registered using an entry point.
    See :ref:`What is an entry point?<topics:plugins:entrypoints>` for details.
```

    class NewData(Data):
        """A new data type that wraps a single value."""

.. note::

>     To be able to use the new ``Data`` plugin, it must be registered using an entry point.
> 	    See :ref:`What is an entry point?<topics:plugins:entrypoints>` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To be able to use the new ``Data`` plugin, it must be registered using an entry point.
    See :ref:`What is an entry point?<topics:plugins:entrypoints>` for details.
```
